README.md, before:

# flutter_products_view

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

- **Task 3**
  In this assignment, you are required to create a simple flutter app where your task is to design a
  search and product details page
  **Recruitments**
  1. Use any architecture that you think is suitable
  2. Use any state management.
  3. Don’t use setstate anywhere of the code
  4. Use fakestore api
  5. Make cart using any offline database
  6. Save last loaded products to offline storage to show if internet is not available
  7. Make UI responsive.
  **UI**
  There is no defined UI design for the assignment. You are free to design anything good. You can
  reflect your UI/UX concept here.
  Our basic requirement is
  (1) Two items on the bottom navbar. Home and cart
  (2) A homepage to show all the product
  (3) An icon to sort the products
  (4) A product details page
  (5) Delete the cart item
  (6) cart details page
  Now based on it, you can design any suitable UI. Also if you want, you can implement more
  features.
  **What we’re seeking**
  1. An app that meets all of the functional requirements above.
  2. Your coding style - show us how you like to write your code
  3. Principles - how you believe code should be written (OOP, SOLID, DI etc).
  4. Quality - how you guarantee your code is functioning correctly.
  **Extra Credits**
  1. Use flavor
  2. You can extra features.
     Special Instructions
  3. Commit your project to the GitHub repository from the initial setup.
  4. Make your repository public and share the URL with us so that we can check.
  5. Provide a README file that will contain the overview of the project
  6. Commit early and often. Don’t commit to everything after finishing the
     assignment.

Commit message:

Feature list added readme file.

README.md, after:

# flutter_products_view

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started

Pages: Products Tab, Product show page and Cart Tab.
1. Load products form server using faceStore api.
2. User can search for products.
3. User can sort product based on ratting.
4. User can see product details.
5. User can delete product from cat page by long press in list item.
6. Calculate total cost of cart.



This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

- **Task 3**
  In this assignment, you are required to create a simple flutter app where your task is to design a
  search and product details page
  **Recruitments**
  1. Use any architecture that you think is suitable
  2. Use any state management.
  3. Don’t use setstate anywhere of the code
  4. Use fakestore api
  5. Make cart using any offline database
  6. Save last loaded products to offline storage to show if internet is not available
  7. Make UI responsive.
  **UI**
  There is no defined UI design for the assignment. You are free to design anything good. You can
  reflect your UI/UX concept here.
  Our basic requirement is
  (1) Two items on the bottom navbar. Home and cart
  (2) A homepage to show all the product
  (3) An icon to sort the products
  (4) A product details page
  (5) Delete the cart item
  (6) cart details page
  Now based on it, you can design any suitable UI. Also if you want, you can implement more
  features.
  **What we’re seeking**
  1. An app that meets all of the functional requirements above.
  2. Your coding style - show us how you like to write your code
  3. Principles - how you believe code should be written (OOP, SOLID, DI etc).
  4. Quality - how you guarantee your code is functioning correctly.
  **Extra Credits**
  1. Use flavor
  2. You can extra features.
     Special Instructions
  3. Commit your project to the GitHub repository from the initial setup.
  4. Make your repository public and share the URL with us so that we can check.
  5. Provide a README file that will contain the overview of the project
  6. Commit early and often. Don’t commit to everything after finishing the
     assignment.
